When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
When you are working from different computers. Working as part of a team. When you are seeking help from more experienced programmers.
When you wnat to share with others for feedback on the project
When you are looking for work and need to demonstrate what you can do.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Forks are when you want a copy of the repositiry but you don't have permission to change the original, but you wnat to use the code for your own purposes - and you wnat to give credit to whoever made the code you are adding to/modifying.

Clones are making copies of a repository to work on locally on your computer

branches are when you are working on a new feature of the program where you don't want to disrupt the master branch - leave it unchanged while you experiment with your new feature/code.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
If something should happen to the remote 0 you can have a backup. I guess the main reason is to be able to work offline on it. Also you could use it to compare (do diffs) on it, should we be trying to solve a problem with your new code.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
Without github - probably I'd use email, text. Both could get confusing for the collaborator - because they would have to read my messages in a particular order - so github would be good for keeping that straight - and if several people were working eith me it would be very confusing who did what , or rememberibng who I asked for help - remebering who I sent a pull request to

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When you are introducing a new feature you're not sure will work and you don't want to break master. It leaves moe of a trail if you do it this way too, though it certainly is more confusing and compliccated to me.
The benefits of making changes to just the master? It simplifies things a bit - probably more appropriate for smaller projects that are being worked on by only a few people at the same time.

